>> Jen Kramer: Great, so now that
we've got our own code into Codepen,
sometimes we'd like to get
our own code out of Codepen.
Or somebody else's code, we'd like
to download it to our computer and
actually that is pretty straightforward
and easy to do as well.
What I'd like for
you to do to start with is go to bit.ly/
FEM example, as in Frontend Masters,
FEM example.
And if you go ahead and type in that
address, you'll come to my Codepen here,
we took a look at this earlier,
this was about learning how to fork.
Now I wanna go ahead and I love this
thing, I wanna download it to my computer,
I wanna do more stuff with it,
I wanna make changes to it and so forth,
I can do that.
Down here at the very bottom at the
Codepen there is a button here that says
export.
Go ahead and click that button,
it gives us three options here.
One is to put it in to GitHub,
GitHub is something we will be talking or
will be covering in other courses.
You can export it as a zip file,
or you can embed this pen.
For example, you wanna take some code and
make it show up in another
web page somewhere.
We're gonna go to export a zip file,
and so all you have to do is save that,
it's going to give you
the option of downloading it.
We'll go ahead and say save file.
And then if I look in my Downloads folder,
here's the zip file that I just
downloaded from the website.
If I double click on that,
it'll give me a folder.
Inside of that folder is the CSS,
the index.html and
all of the JavaScript that I need in order
to work with this particular Codepen.
So that's pretty cool but
that is all available to me.
That is as simple as it is to go ahead and
download those files from
Codepen onto your computer.